**Privacy Policy for Multi Time Frame Charts**

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:**

**Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

**Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

**Application** refers to Multi Time Frame Charts, the software program provided by the Company.

**Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Multi Time Frame Charts.

**Country** refers to:  India

**Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

**Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

**Service** refers to the Application.

**Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

**Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


**Collecting and Using Your Personal Data**

**Types of Data Collected**

**Personal Data**

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

**Email address**

**First name and last name**

**Use of Your Personal Data**

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

**To provide and maintain our Service,** including to monitor the usage of our Service.

**To manage Your Account:** 

To manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

**To contact You:**

To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

**Delete Your Personal Data**

You have the right to delete or request us by email that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: jeeotech@gmail.com
